Amy you've been out for two years and
you've never kissed a girl I really
don't know what I'm doing with all that
stuff I have a secret for you
[Music]
yeah like I wish that would have been a
secret but you've mentioned it many many
times are we gonna go to school where
what's two plus two
she's got a really cute smile go talk to
her not as sharp as your chin it's the
last day we got you through high school
I need to go over the end with your
budget numbers
can't we just graduate head off to
college that's do it right we will
persist I can't hear you
I can't soundproof glass a total party
to me what nobody knows that we are fun
we didn't party because we wanted to
focus on school and get into good
colleges and it worked but the
irresponsible people who partied also
got into those colleges I'm incredible
at hand jobs but I also got a 1560 on
the SATs we haven't done anything we
haven't broken any rules name one person
whose life was so much better because
they broke a couple of rules
kasa he broke our rules Rosa Parks naman
el susan b anthony dammit
[Music]
Jack maced listen it is very important
that you keep the safe
what is this oh my god
[Music]
well it seems excessive shotgun just
kidding I don't have one don't see we're
having a date night right it's funny
your parents think we're boning what you
two have is special we are going to show
each other how much we care about each
other well probably just do a Korean
face mask I don't need to know all the
words
[Music]